"But the mostly, conversely, going to those chakras is 'neveled chakras' in the teaching
said, 'neveled chakra'. 'Neveled chakra' is also, when we consider the time, the first
time, this 'neveled chakra' is the first chakra. Chakra is formed. And it's formed 'neveled
chakra' forming, and then 'neveled chakra' is formed. But 'neveled chakra' is formed
at the first place, when we concept it in the mother's form. When he is going to break
down, the first one is the 'neveled chakra'. And 'neveled chakra' means 'break down' in
the teaching said, then the 'art' element is beginning to dissolve. The 'art' element
is dissolving to the water elements, so 'art' element is dissolved. And when that happened,
that happened, in the teaching said, external science, you will feel 'heem'. And who maybe
will say, 'ask it, please, raise me up, lift me up'. And also, I think, that time, the wind
energy is known as the pervasive wind is losing its control or its balance, or pervasive wind.
And therefore, your lens starts getting off, individual, that individual lens starts getting
cold, cold. And those are called the external science. In that science, then, the mind becomes
kind of also dull too, dull. And the simple science, in the teaching said, there is a
lot of like, what's called, kind of 'merati' visions come. Merati-looking visions are rising up.
And so, when that happened, then it is affected immediately. The next state, not immediately,
I mean, depends individually on how long it takes. Gradually, it could be, it could be
10, a little longer, but anyway, then, next state is, then, heart chakra. It breaks.
And here, the great, this is Jaxanungasu teaching. Jaxanungasu teaching, I mean, Jaxanungas
Themmo, Themmo, and his chaturp practices. This is kind of a very, the extra that I didn't
see in other teachings, so many times, many times, not often. But here, in this teacher,
of course, this is the teacher of Mguropa and the symmetry again. But here say, when the
heart element is begin to dissolve, that what it does, it also break down the functioning of the
pancreas, pancreas. It break down the pancreas and then, then, the sign is the same, different.
So, it's fine print. In a organ level, it affect the pancreas, pancreas. With this element,
that, and then, heart chakra now is affected, or sooner than heart chakras. When heart chakra is,
is, is, the function is dissolving, the inward signs, signs, minds become also now
come restless, become more shaky, more shaky, and external signs of that individually become
little short temples, short, short temples. And there's, of course, many signs, but those are the
high light signs. And then, serious signs. Now, there is, is like smoking kind of, like smoking
vegans kind of, smoking vegans. Now, this sign, what element is also not functioning? It's then,
water element is dissolving known as pi to the pi elements. Water element. And when that happens,
in that individual is, the external signs, more than everything is become kind of a little dry,
very dry. At this time, in what, in the, in the satsang moments teaching, say, that time,
then the kidney problems are breaking down, breaking down. So, the inner organ, the kidney is,
is, is, is affected. Now, when that happens, happens, then gradually legislate is the spit chakras.
Spit chakra is now dissolved, or the dysfunction. Functionally, an element level, that time,
the higher element is dissolved to the wind elements. And in science, external science,
and that is, then that individuals having more short breathing, or breathing,
become very irregulars, irregulars. At the same time, mind again is, what's called, emotions are
let a half stop. And secretary sign, that individual is experiencing, like almost like mostly, fire
flies.
Fireflies, right? Yeah, fireflies. Fireflies. In that time, what,
yeah, so, come on.
Did I say this satsang was teaching? No. Not this one, right? Not the organ's body. Not, okay.
And it may come a long time. If fire is dissolved to the wind element, at that time, then the liver
,
liver functioning, is stopped. What's, yeah, is stopped.
When, when this, that happened, now the spit chakra is unfunctioning, or gone. And that,
when that happened, then what is does, does, then the, the next chakra, pit chakra, pit chakra is
secret chakra. The secret chakra is then disfunctioning. When the secret chakra is disfunctioning,
then that moment, what's happening, the wind element is now dissolving to the consciousness,
consciousness. With this happened, then the breathing become long, external sound,
very long, and very kind of hard, hard. And inwardly, this individually is experiencing,
saying, what is the sign? Sign is then as like flames, kind of like flame, flame of all, yeah,
flame, flame looking, looking signs, appearing in the secret hours.
And that moment, then the water, the organ is disfunctioning, is then the lungs, lungs are
stopping. Yeah, lungs are stopping. And that moment, generally, according the,
then it's called out of breathing. It's actually really stopped.